* Убить багмастера
* Убить левиафана


From hardest to easiest, assuming that you're not crossbow cheesing or assassinating and running at 40mph which makes everything a joke:

1. Tinfist & Anti-Slavers (Impossible to beat without someone dying, not only is Tinfist too OP, all martial artist anti-slavers have near maxxed MA as well)
    
2. Mad Cat-Lon & 120 Stormthralls (The 120 stormthralls are surprisingly weak, but only if you have Attack Slots at x1 and high combat stats. If you have a large group of low-levels or have increased Attack Slots this fight might actually be higher than Tinfist)
    
3. King of the Southern Hive (This guy will OHKO your dudes like it's nothing, and he comes with a big-ass escort to boot. I wasn't sure whether they would be stronger than Eyegore, but in a straight fight King has a lot of fucking HP.)
    
4. Eyegore & Samurai Death Squad (You have the advantage of this being a raid, meaning you have harpoon turrets and crossbows to shoot at them as well as walls, but being clad to toe in heavy armor with crazy stats makes these guys a nightmare in a straight fight)
    
5. Holy Lord Phoenix LXII, Protector of the Flame & High Paladin Buttbuddies (Holy Lord Phoenix will easily terminate any skeleton in your party, dealing triple digit damage if he so much as grazes a limb with anything short of crab armor.)
    
6. Esata the Stone Golem & The Invincibles (All of these guys hit like a truck and can take an extreme amount of punishment. Weakest among the big three though because their swing speed is slow due to how much fragment axes weigh)
    
7. Mighty Valamon (This guy is a rapefest. Not only is he OP, you will be swarmed with dozens upon dozens of blood reavers who are armoured head to toe and will make you bleed for your kill.)
    
8. CRAAAAAB TOUUUUURNAMEEEEEENT! (How do you like fighting a kaiju-sized megacrab while a bunch of heavily armored dudes tag along for the ride?)
    
9. Savant & A Bunch of Ordinary Humans (HAHAHAHA! I LAUGH BECAUSE I AM HUMAN!)
    
10. Elder & 10 Million Year Old Skeletons (Skeleton Bandits are actually pretty damn tough.)
    
11. Ashland Dome I, II, III, IV Boss Rush (Each one is harder than the next! Head of Agriculture is honestly pretty lame, but all the others are quite challenging.)
    
12. The Vault Warden & Samurai Guards (This dude is hardcore and so are his boys. Anything with Samurai Armor is bound to take a lot of hits, so it's not unexpected that he'd be able to take a pounding.)
    
13. Moll & Her Sexy Ninja Girls (These girls pack quite the punch with their masterwork bastard swords which can cut steel itself, and Moll herself is no pushover with near maxxed stats.)
    
14. Bugmaster (The Bugmaster is the entry-level challenge for the endgame fights. If you can take him on, it means you're ready to fight high-level enemies and start changing the world of Kenshi in force. And honestly, getting to the Bugmaster is the hardest part of the entire thing.)
    
15. Emperor Tengu/Longen & Guards (These aren't as challenging as the other fights, but Eyegore will be paying a visit to your outpost if you touch these guys so fair is fair I'd say.)
    

Next, for mid-game:

1. The Thrall Masters & Army of No-Heads (Tough Skellymen with Meitou weapons and other skellymen. Quite challenging.)
    
2. Boss Simion (The leader of the United Cities rebels, he has quite a lot of followers behind him and is no slouch himself in a fight.)
    
3. Immortal Fish King & Fishmen (This guy is surrounded by dozens of mooks and is quite dangerous himself. Exercise Caution)
    
4. Flying Bull & Kral's Chosen (These guys hit like a truck.)
    
5. Tora the Fearless & Band of Bones (Idem)
    
6. Ghost & Berserkers (Idem)
    
7. Gorillo & Gorillo Bandits (Has an army of followers that are skilled at martial arts. Unarmored though so kind of a pushover.)
    
8. The Preacher & Cultists (Prepare to get zerg rushed by cultists)
    
9. The Red Sabres (Bandit boss, swamp edition)
    
10. Dimak, Buzan & Black Dragon Ninjas (Tougher bandits with access to harpoons)
    
11. Shade & Swamp Ninjas (More ninjas)
    
12. Sand Ninja Oni (Even more ninjas)
    
13. Dust King (Entry-level boss fight)
    

Other fun encounters:

Great White Gorillo in Mourn (Tough as bricks, high melee attack as well. Dangerous to fight without crossbows.)

Elder Beak Thing (Don't try to hit it all at once with a group. You'll regret it.)

Leviathan (Likewise)

Cleanser Unit (See above)
